README.md, before:

# RTWI (Real Twitter)
[![rtwi at crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtwi.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/rtwi)
## What is RTWI?
 On twitter, you don't need to find other person's tweets because `twitter` means `a person who tweet`. On RTWI, you can only tweet, so you can experience `Real Twitter`. 

### High Performance
Here is a table whith includes times to tweet 'hello everyone' for each client.
| Client | time(sec) |
| --- | --- |
| Twitter Web App | 8.63 |
| **rtwi** | **7.34** |

## Installation
1. Install from github  
```console
$ git clone https://github.com/earlgray283/rtwi.git
$ cd rtwi
$ cargo build --release
$ cp ./target/release/rtwi {path/to/dir}
```
or
```console
$ cargo install rtwi
```

## Usage
### 1. Login  
```console
$ rtwi login
...
```
also you can login by creating `$HOME/.config/rtwi/Config.toml` 
```console
$ mkdir -p $HOME/.config/rtwi/
$ echo '
api_key = "api_keyyyy!!!!"
api_secret_key = "api_secret_keyyyy!!!!"
access_token = "access_tokennnn!!!!"
access_token_secret = "amazing_mightyyyy!!!!"' > $HOME/.config/rtwi/Config.toml
```

#### Attension
`Config.toml` is located on `$HOME/.config/rtwi`

### 2. tweet  
```console
$ rtwi tweet 'hello from rtwi. I use †Real Twitter†.'
status: tweeted
```

### 3. That's all :D

## Configuration
If you hope, you can escape from `Real Twitter` and can watch `Timeline` on rtwi.  
```toml
[config]
real_twitter = false
```

Commit message:

Feat status (#4)
* async をやめた

* feat: status

* feat: status

* refactor

* docs: fix

* fix

* fix

* feat: status

* error handling

README.md, after:

# RTWI (Real Twitter)
[![rtwi at crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtwi.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/rtwi)
## What is RTWI?
 On twitter, you don't need to find other person's tweets because `twitter` means `a person who tweet`. On RTWI, you can only tweet, so you can experience `Real Twitter`. 

### High Performance
Here is a table which includes times to tweet 'hello everyone' for each client.
| Client | time(sec) |
| --- | --- |
| Twitter Web App | 8.63 |
| **rtwi** | **7.34** |

## Installation
1. Install from github  
```console
$ git clone https://github.com/earlgray283/rtwi.git
$ cd rtwi
$ cargo build --release
$ cp ./target/release/rtwi path/to/dir
```
or
```console
$ cargo install rtwi
```

## Usage
### 1. login
To use `rtwi`, you must generate Twitter API keys.  
Following console, please create api keys.
```console
$ rtwi login
.
.
```
also you can login by creating `$HOME/.config/rtwi/Config.toml`.  
Please see https://github.com/earlgray283/rtwi/blob/main/Config.toml.
```console
$ mkdir -p $HOME/.config/rtwi/
$ echo '
name = "@earlgrayyyy!!!!"

[twitter_api_info]
api_key = "api_keyyyy!!!!"
api_secret_key = "api_secret_keyyyy!!!!"
access_token = "access_tokennnn!!!!"
access_token_secret = "amazing_mightyyyy!!!!"' > $HOME/.config/rtwi/Config.toml
```

### 2. tweet  
```console
$ rtwi tweet 'hello from rtwi. I use †Real Twitter†.'
status: tweeted

```

### 3. status(TODO)
```console
$ rtwi status
display name: あーるぐれい
user_id: @earlgray329
bio: セイロンが好きです

```


## Configuration(TODO)
If you hope, you can escape from `Real Twitter` and can watch `Timeline` on rtwi.  
```toml
[config]
real_twitter = false
```
